Emma: No!
Emma, come on, it's time for bed.
I'm putting my foot down.
You gotta put your pajamas on.
No!
What if Daddy gives you a cookie?
Yes!
Congratulations, Emma.
You're already manipulating
men at a third grade level.
You're the parent.
You need to stand up to your daughter.
Okay, you know what? Fine.
If you're so good at this,
you get her into pajamas.
- All right?
- Okay. Yeah, I will.
All right, Emma.
Listen, this behavior has got to stop.
When I say it's bedtime,
it's bedtime.
And when I say it's cookie time,
it's cookie time.
Mm, who do you love the most?
- Bon-Bon.
- Bon-Bon. That's right.
And Bon-Bon loves you the most.
(theme music playing)
♪ It's amazing how the unexpected ♪
♪ Can take your life
and change directions ♪
- Sync and corrected by TheDelta -
- www.addic7ed.com -
- She's coming, she's coming!
- (Screams)
Danny!
- Who's coming?
- My mom.
Ever since Brad left,
she can't be alone.
I don't know if you know this,
but she can be kind of annoying.
She hasn't let me out of
her sight in over a week,
and now she wants to hang
out today and tonight.
No! No! Tonight is our special night.
Clash of Dragons is on.
I know. That's why I'm
trying to avoid her.
(doorknob rattling)
Bonnie: Hey, why is this door locked?
(door unlocking)
- Oh!
- Hey, guys.
I just wanted to...
Oh. Mom...
do you mind?
Kind of in the middle of something here.
Sorry.
Yeah, I can come back.
Well, actually, if you're
anything like your dad,
I can just wait in the hall
for a couple of minutes.
Will you just tell her?
Yeah, you're right.
Mom, there's something I
need to talk to you about.
But first, I gotta go to practice,
so I'll see you later, okay? Bye.
Danny, Danny, Danny!
(groans)
So...
what are you up to today?
I'm just going to work.
I don't suppose you
could bring a friend.
- Not really.
- Oh.
Oh, Tuck! Hey!
Here's that salad you ordered for Mary.
I know the show's paying for it.
That's why it's a $53 salad.
Finally. Mary's blood sugar's crashing.
Oh, my God. Are there
cranberries on this?
These look like cranberries!
Calm down. She can just pick
them off like any normal person.
Mary Hart is not a normal person.
Okay?
She's a star.
It's a completely different beast.
Please don't tell anyone you
heard me call her a beast.
Dude, you gotta stand up
to her once in a while.
Don't let her walk all over you.
Look, Ben, I don't have time.
Look, I don't have time
for this right now, okay?
What is wrong with
you? Look at yourself.
- You're a mess.
- I'm fine! Okay?!
- Look, I'm fine!
- (Shutter clicks)
- I'm fi...
- Does this look fine to you?
Look, man, we're just... we're all
under a lot of stress, all right?
This week, it's our big
Mary Hart SweetHarts Special,
and everything just needs to be perfect
because Mary likes perfect.
Mary: Tucker!
Oh, my God! She's
coming! Save yourself! Go!
It's about time.
I didn't realize you actually had
to go to a farm and plant
the vegetables first.
And could you possibly
be more incompetent?
I said I wanted to
give away Crock-Pots.
You forgot the "Crock"
part of the "Pot".
There's 50 pounds of weed
sitting on my loading dock!
And...
are these cranberries?
You know how much I hate cranberries.
I know, Mary. I'm so sorry, Mary.
How does this sound to you, Tucker?
Hello, America. I'm Mary Hart.
On tonight's show, the
death of a senior producer
who gave me cranberries!
Idiot!
How could you not know after
all these years together
that I hate cranberries?! I hate them...
Ah, my good Lord Craigmore,
bastard son of Leon Ravenhelm,
to what do I owe this honor?
Ah, Lady Zelda Dragonbreast,
I have come to avenge thee...
and perhaps do some ravaging?
Well, the ravaging will hate to wait
because seriously, the
show's about to start.
I couldn't find mutton, so
chicken wings will have to do.
(knocking)
Bonnie: Open up! It's me!
I found mutton!
What is she doing
here? How did she know?
Well, she either figured
it out on her own,
or she guilted me into inviting her.
I'm honestly not sure.
Just...
just tell her to go away.
Okay, fine.
I'll tell her that it's just us tonight.
Yeah.
I mean, sure. Yeah.
I was devastated when
Brad left, you know,
but now, I'm just lonely.
You know, and I can't
go get all un-lonely
because I'm married.
Stupid morals.
Mary: Hello, America. I'm Mary Hart.
On tonight's show, the
death of a senior producer
who gave me cranberries!
Yeah, thanks for the instant replay,
but I'm still picking
the cranberries out of
my ears, so I'm good.
Dude, I'm trying to show
you how pathetic you look.
You know, I wish I had
physical proof of my mistakes.
Ben!
Not now, Emma.
Ben, why is this such a big deal?
All I see is a completely normal
employee-employer relationship.
Oh? Oh, is that what you see?
Oh, okay. Then maybe
we should take a survey
and find out what other people think.
How about I just post it online
and get some feedback for you?
- Oh, you do that.
- Oh, I will.
- Good.
- Here I go.
- I'm waiting.
- So doing it.
- So not caring.
- All right.
- Three, two, one...
- Give it to me.
Nope. No. Stop.
No, no.
Fine. Yes, Mary is a horrible person.
She's also a compulsive gambler
and a philanderer, so what's your point?
You're better than this!
You've gotta stand up for yourself, man.
(sighs)
Fine. I'll talk to her.
You're a good friend.
I know.
You're really lucky.
How about I buy you a
beer to celebrate, huh?
Come on.
On tonight's show,
- the death of a senior producer
- (Tablet beeps)
who gave me cranberries!
Idiot! How could you not
remember after all of these years...
(Ben laughing)
Look! The kitty doesn't even know
the bunny's in the basket.
Cats are stupid.
I think we lost her!
I knew your mom was fast,
but she actually scissor-kicked
over the subway turnstiles.
You guys are amateurs.
Always run through a bar.
She has to stop.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait, wait, wait. This isn't good.
Cranberries? Idiot!
How could you not remember
after all of these years
of working together how
much I hate cranberries?!
What?
No!
Oh, my God! How is this online?!
A million views?!
Oh, my God. I have to warn Tucker.
Oh, no. Come on.
Come on, sweetie. Let's go.
Aah, pick up. Pick up,
pick up, pick up, pick up.
Oh, God.
- Aah, come on. Voicemail?
- (Elevator dings)
(sighs)
Mom! Hey, perfect.
Can you please take Emma to daycare?
I have an emergency.
Mary's about to kill Tucker.
Oh. Yeah. Tell me when that's on.
I want to record it.
Riley: Oh, my God, Danny. Please!
Your mother is driving me crazy!
Danny: Don't get mad at me!
You're the one who invited
her over last night!
Uh, yeah. Yeah, that's only because
you couldn't stand up to her.
She spent the night at my place
and then she went to breakfast with us,
and now she's gonna go
to the movies with us?
Oh, my...
Oh, do not.
Do not think for one second
that she's going to Mary
Hart's SweetHart show
tomorrow because we
only have two tickets
and I already planned to
give the free Crock-Pot
to my mom for Christmas!
Well, what am I supposed to do?
Tell her I'd rather spend
time along with my girlfriend
than with my own mother?!
Yes.
Danny, that's exactly
what you're supposed to do.
I mean, if you don't
stand up to her now,
this is only going to get worse.
I mean, today it's a Crock-Pot,
tomorrow it's our anniversary.
Wait, tomorrow's our anniversary?
I mean...
tomorrow's our anniversary.
Hope you didn't forget.
No, Danny.
I am saying that this
is about our future,
and I'm not saying that you
have to choose between us,
but at some point,
you're gonna have to choose between us.
Oh, I think we both know
how this is gonna end.
Someone is about to get schooled...
and it ain't gonna be me.
High five it.
Fist it.
Woogidy woogidy.
Care to explain what this is?
Oh. You know what?
It's basically just a really big phone.
You know what I mean?
No, this.
There's 50 pounds of
weed on my loading dock.
Oh, no, no, no. This is not happening.
(inhales deeply)
(breathes deeply)
They're saying, "Mary has no Hart."
I wish that didn't sound so
evil because it's catchy as hell.
No! No, no, no.
No, of course you have a heart!
No, Mary puts the Hart in heart.
♪ Mary ♪
Right?
Obviously someone is jealous
of our close, professional relationship.
Perhaps I overreacted
with the cranberries.
I'm... I'm sorry,
are you apologizing?
Oh, my God, no.
But seeing this made me realize
just how much I... appreciate you.
So, I want to make you
an executive producer...
as long as you find out who did this,
publicly humiliate them, and fire them.
I'm on it.
Thank you, Mary.
Tucker, hey! Whatever you do, don't...
What's up, Mary?
Well, hello there, stranger.
Wait, why do you look so familiar?
I work here.
I'm, um...
I'm Jason.
What do you do here, Jason?
I make the melon balls.
Well, make them smaller next time.
It's bad for my face to chew.
Danny: Mom?
(door closes)
Oh, hey, Ma.
Mamacita.
Best mom in the world.
I was hoping we could
have a little chat...
Are you crying?
It's nothing.
I was just sitting here thinking
about you, and, you know,
how amazing you've been during
this painful, awful time.
You're not just my son.
You're my best friend.
And all my friends,
you know, they complain
that their kids never want
to spend any time with them,
but not me. No.
I always say, "I have the
best son in the world."
- What about Ben?
Listen, honey.
I know that I have been
very intrusive lately,
but you have honestly saved my life.
You know I'd do anything for you, Mom.
I know.
And you know what would really help me?
Make me feel whole again?
I would just really love
to go to that Mary Hart
whatever-she-calls-it
thing with you.
Wait, the SweetHart Special?
But I've only got two tickets
and Riley's got her heart set on it.
I mean, we've got our costumes
picked out and everything.
That is a problem...
but I know you'll do the right thing.
Look at myself.
Dude, I'm gonna get my
own Tucker to scream at!
But don't you still have to
find a fall guy and fire someone?
Oh, please. Believe me, I've got a list.
Enjoy your last stolen yogurt, Todd.
Payback for my applesauce, bitch.
Hey!
What about Jason?
I have the advantage
of actually being guilty
and I don't actually work here,
so no one actually gets hurt.
Yeah!
Yeah, that's genius!
Mary!
After an extensive investigation
I've traced the video to Jason's phone.
Well, Jason, why don't you just
take that pretty face of yours
and your melon baller
and get out? You're fired!
(gasps)
I can't believe we just
got away with that, man!
We're geniuses!
I mean, Mary is kind of a moron, right?
I mean, like, a big, dumb blond.
That thing's not actually on, is it?
No. This?
I'm not an idiot.
Mary: Tucker!
Yeah, I guess it is on.
What flavor do you want
your goodbye cake to be?
(chuckles)
- No!
- No, no, no...
Fired.
Man, I did not see that coming.
You shot the video,
your kid posted it online,
and it was your idea to fire Jason.
You were in charge of it coming.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I worked in TV for one hour,
and even I know how the headsets work.
I know how the headsets work, okay?!
And I also know how friends work.
And if you weren't so busy
trying to teach me some stupid lesson,
none of this would have happened.
(sighs)
This is my career, Ben.
And you just destroyed it.
(sighs)
Oh, hey. How am I doing?
Funny you should ask. Um, not well.
Because despite my talking
about the Mary Hart Special
for the last six months,
I am now not going.
Am I supposed to have any
idea what you're talking about?
Shiver me timbers!
Who's ready to hunt some dragons?
Tally ho!
No one on Clash of
Dragons has said that.
Ever.
Is Danny ready?
This corset's got about four hours on it
before m'ladies explode.
(giggles) Thanks for the ticket, Riley.
Your mom stole my boyfriend.
Uh, kind of the one woman I didn't
think I'd have to worry about.
Well, Tucker gave me two
tickets. You can have 'em.
Really? Oh, my God!
Well, will you go with me?
Because you can only get in
if you're dressed as a
famous couple from history.
Please, please, please?
Uh, well, won't me going
with you make Danny...
Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
And that's what us
girlfriends call a win-win.
No, no, no. I can't. I can't.
Do you have any idea what
Mary would do if she sees me?
I mean, after she hits on me of course.
She may not like my melon balls,
but she definitely likes
my... You get the point.
You know what?
That's genius!
Yes, yes! I will go with you!
Okay. Yay!
All right, what's a costume that
we can do at the last minute?
Um, I've got a black
wig and some 60s clothes.
Sonny and Cher?
Yes!
Oh, my God, that's perfect!
Plus, they were great
friends after their breakup,
and you know, it's... it's just like us!
Yeah, so totally like us! Yeah!
(chuckles)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Really?
How was I supposed to
know you wanted to be Cher?
Uh, again, I'm gonna go with, "Really?"
Riley? What are you doing here?
And why are you with my brother?
I don't know, because Ben
didn't dump me for his mother?
Because Ben is a true friend.
Because Ben would never abandon me.
Ben's gotta go.
See you later, Riles. Wish me luck.
- Hey, Sonny.
- Hey, Mom.
Oh, hey, Riles.
Ever hear the expression,
"Two is company, three is a pathetic
girl dressed as Cher with no partner"?
Tucker?
What are you doing?
I found this costume on the couch.
Figured it was the perfect
way to get past security.
Don't you work here?
Oh. Oh, when I'm done with this show,
nobody is gonna work here.
Okay?
It's time I got my dignity back.
Hey, Mary. It's me, Jason.
What are you doing here?
I think we both know
what I'm doing here.
I saw how you looked at me before.
Oh, you're here to seduce me just like
the real Sonny did in '79.
You bet I am.
Should we lock the doors so your
husband doesn't walk in on us?
Please, I've done this 100 times before
and he never found out.
He's about as in the dark
as the IRS is about my Swiss accounts.
Now...
why don't you make a
deposit at Infidelity Bank?
- Gotcha!
- Mary: Now...
why don't you make a
deposit at Infidelity Bank?
What do you want?
I want you to give Tucker his job back
unless you want this to get out too.
You know he deserves it.
He does everything to please you
and all you've ever
done is crush his spirit.
Fine.
I actually need Tucker.
His little revenge video
doubled the show ratings.
So he can have his job back?
Sure.
Now put the mustache on
and take me back to 1979.
Okay, SweetHarts,
let's do this.
Hey, hey.
Where's your partner?
Oh, he was just here.
Sorry, couples only.
Desperate singles is next week.
If you could just give me a
minute, he'll be right back.
Rules are rules.
- I swear.
- You two, you two, next.
Riley, I am so sorry.
Danny, come on! Hurry up.
The gay pirate boys
are taking our seats!
As soon as this is over, I'm
going to make it up to you.
Danny, come on! I gave you life!
She's just giving you a hard time.
- Can you give me a minute?
- No, Danny. It's fine. Not now.
- Yeah, Danny. Not now.
- Mom, enough!
You've been controlling, bossy,
and honestly, a pain in my neck.
I'm sorry that you're lonely,
but you're not the woman that I love.
Riley is.
So, you need to back up out
of my life and get your own.
Well, it's about time!
Both: What?
Danny, I have been in your
face the last two days,
trying to get you to push me away.
No man should let his
mother come between
him and the love of his life.
And no woman wants to be with a guy
who can't stand up to his mother.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I was right about this corset
and my m'ladies are about to blow, so...
Oh, God. Oh, my God.
Tucker?
How many times do I have to tell you
to stop stealing my clothes?
It doesn't matter. I got great news.
So do I, man.
Look, I finally realized you were right.
This job, this humiliation,
it's beneath me.
I am better than Mary Hart.
- I got your job back.
- Oh, my God! You did?!
That's amazing!
I love this job!
Man over speaker: And
we're live in five seconds.
(theme music playing)
♪ Mary ♪
No, no, no, no.
I slipped something to my
buddy in the audio booth.
I gotta stop him.
(auto-tuned) ♪ Hello, America ♪
♪ I'm Mary Hart, Hart, Hart ♪
♪ 50 pounds of ♪
♪ 50 pounds of weed ♪
♪ Are these cranberries? ♪
♪ I hate, I hate cranberries! ♪
♪ I hate them as
much as I hate you ♪
♪ And that's a lot! ♪
♪ Keep throwing ♪
♪ Keep throwing cranberries! ♪
♪ Tucker! ♪
(clears throat)
Hey, man, uh...
how'd you get my job back?
Any chance it'll work again?
I'll be right back.
Hey, Mom, watch this.
Emma, it's time for bed.
Let's go put your pajamas on, okay?
Okay.
(chuckles) Yeah.
Now who's standing
up to a two-year-old?
Mm-hmm.
All right, my little monkey.
Come on.
There we go. All right.
Let's get your jammies on.
Okay.
Oh, right.
Sorry.
Here's your cookie, sweetheart.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org